In the last lecture you learn how to use the new HTP client and how to take advantage of Stiefel set
up where it assumes that we get back Jason data and we hence can find out which type of data we'll get
back in this Jason data.
Now let's see what else you can configure about that request.
Thus far we have a u r l here for the GET request and then your all in body forward to put request.
Now with that what else can we set up.
Well let's first of all say we don't get back Jason data.
Now obviously here we do.
But let's for a moment assume that this is not the case.
So what I will do is I will simply duplicate this commented out for now.
And in the new GET method here I'll get rid of the generic type because if we're not getting back Jason
data we can't actually define a type because while we get no type we got no javascript data and yet
no types of data we get something else like a file or text and that's now say well we do get back is
text.
Now we have to override the default and we do it as for passing a second argument to the get method
or forward put method there.
It would actually be the first argument.
The options argument here.
So forget the second and options then Assembly a javascript object.
We can find some options for the request.
So this is simply an object we pass as a second argument to the get method.
Now there we can find various options one of them is the body.
Now we don't pass a body to get requests.
It doesn't make sense here but for a put request we could actually not pass the body like this.
We could override it by setting a body in our hair object or options object.
Now more interesting that the body could be the headers headers takes a special parameter DHP hetero's
object or type defined by angular and it will come back to that later.
For now let's simply ignore it and let's move over to another interesting property we can set here.
And that's the observed property.
Now observe takes a string here and we can set it to response.
Now what this will do is it will not automatically extract the day that the body data of the response
but actually give us the full response.
We can also do something else and set the response type to text.
The default would be Jason's or you don't need to set this as the default and if you don't observe the
full response it will automatically extract and could word it as we use before.
However here I can simply say text.
And with that I'm not getting where I still get.
Jason.
They will be treated as text and I will get the full response.
So for now I will simply break my code here by commenting it out duplicating disk and commenting it
out here or simply turning empty array because all I want to do now is as I simply want to log my.
Well recipe's my response I should say.
I'll still leave with named recipe's But actually this will now be the full response because they all
deserve the full response.
Unclear.
Well let's see what it does.
Let's hit save here and let's log in again.
And then simply fetch data.
Now we don't see our recipes here because this is broken but we see the console log.
You see it's now a full response not just the extracted body and the body is actually treated as text.
It is of course still adjacent objects sure because visible We did get.
However it will be treated as texture and will not automatically extracted if we were to observe just
a body and not the full response as we do here in the full response.
You all see the response headers you see if it was OK.
So if it has any status code in the 200 range you see the exact status code your q status text and some
other things like your values Center 2 and so on.
So that's the full response in case you need this.
We can turn this back to body.
Still leave response type text though and if we now repeat this exercise signing in and then fetching
data you know as it's printed as text not as a challenge to Bob Tich because it isn't treated as Jason
Dade and hence not extracted automatically.
So it did extract the body.
We just print the text here we don't have the response object.
But again it's agreed that this text not as javascript or as a javascript object because we override
did default of treating it as Jason and Jason of course is just a string so we can treat it as text
alternatives for the response type would be built up which is useful if you're downloading a file and
as a buffer if you want to buffer some data.
The most common option however is Jason and for a full set of all the options you can set and a detailed
description.
Check out the documentation I mentioned earlier in the section.
Now for now this is what a leaf does actually the default we wouldn't have to set it observe body in
response to.
Jason we don't have to set this.
It is assumed as a default anyways.
But this allows me to now comment in the old code simply return to recipes and my code should work again.
And by the way it gives me a second error here because now we use Jason again.
We can really add that typing here and tell it which kind of data will be inside the adjacent data.
So now with that one last time if you go back you log in.
All right this year sign in and then fetch data we get back our real javascript data which we can work
with.